Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. It's Friday, December the
26th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report for the Benzinga Pro platform.
We are taking a look at the E- Mini S&P
charts by Trendpider and
Gamma Lines and Gamma Flows by Menthther
Q.
We've got a little bit of a fade this
morning. You can see the pre-market
action, the opening hourly candlestick.
We are underneath it and it is about
let's see how many
79 to uh it's about 11 points wide. So
let's clone it for giggles and give us
11 points
wide there. We get 6968
potentially as a wick that could bring
us back to a bounce zone. So that's my
suspicion. If we do an old resistance,
new support edge, we're going to come
into the put wall and that is 6960.
That's the zero DTE put wall. Now
remember these put walls, the
particularly the zero DTE ones, they can
move quite rapidly and you don't want to
look at these as lines in the sand, just
areas of concern. The call wall remains
7,000 to the upside and the put wall
is 6850. That also has not changed. As
you can see the zero DTE call wall and
zero DTE put wall have changed. And that
uh zero DTE call wall right now at 60
69.85 85. That should move up to 6,900
easily. That should move up to 6,900.
Potentially 6950 by the morning. The put
wall for the zero VTE should stay should
stay at this 69
uh 50 6960 area.
We do see bullish formations, dips or
buy zones. Our momentum is clearly in an
upside rotation.
That gives us the same mechanical flow.
What might we see tomorrow? We've got
settlement
for a number of bonds and the Fed
balance sheet. So, no
no big information
to jolt the market other than general
news. All right. and and that could be
anything.
So far, we have deep support zones at
and 69
6900,
right? Did I say 6900 for the Cowwell
ZeroD? Of course, that's not what I
meant. 6975
690. It could easily rotate up to 7,000.
I believe that that is where the traders
want to go. We are testing the anchored
VWAP. So, if you're staring down the
trade right now or very soon when this
comes up, you could say, "Hey, I'm going
to take a long right here and see if it
can get back into the resistance zone
for a few points." Right? That's that's
not not a bad not a bad move. And if you
have micros that you're using and you
don't care about the drift down, you
know, you could leave it in there and
let it rotate around until it comes back
up. I would say just let the chart do
its thing, right? Dips or buys, wait for
it to resolve around this area. Things
are always just a little bit trickier
when you're underneath the VWAP. And we
are clearly under the VWAP. So, we we
got to pay attention to that.
All right,
let's get to the NQ.
I do hope everyone had a a nice holiday.
Hopefully, you're still on holiday and
you're able to take it easy a little
bit.
Let's take a look at the ENQ. We are
looking at uh Wow, trend lines are a
little bit messy here.
If we use Whoops. If we use this one
way down here,
we've got pullbacks into the value area.
If we just use the trend lines that sit
from
that region, we are very close to where
we should see a bounce. anchored VWAP
from
Wednesday
on the shortened trading schedule is
25,830.
That could easily provide a bounce zone.
We are underneath that first 30 minutes.
The first 30 minute candlestick
formation actually gives us the first
hour of rotation. We don't get out of
that until
um just a minute ago. a nap. Now we're
trying to recover it. So that is pretty
interesting. The loss of the level
brings us down to old resistance, new
support. That's 25,825.
Right now we are battling at the zero
DTE
call wall and that number is 25,850.
We're trying to stay above it at this
juncture. Remember, the option sellers
want us to be under that number. The
zero DTE put support line is 25,700.
And the put wall, whoa, 24,500.
That one might creep up over the next
couple of days. That's very, very far
away. Notice the congestion zones for
key supply build and key demand build.
These uh stripes right here tell us that
there's a lot of buying pressure that's
supportive in these areas down all the
way into the put support level.
Remember, the traders are going to want
to stay inside of the pocket between
25,700
and 25,850
if they sold options and they want to
win on the day. But I expect this one,
this zero DTE call wall to uh level up
probably take over at the gamma level
too at 25,900
and our call wall at 26,000 could be
where we get to by,
you know, this time next week.
Okay, dips or buys? momentum doesn't
look quite as strong on the 30 minute as
it does on the hourly and not quite as
strong as the uh ES looks, right? The ES
looks a little bit stronger. Let's draw
a trend line. Now, the reason I don't
trade trend lines, folks, is because
they are arbitrary. They truly are very
arbitrary. And you can see that I can
draw literally an infinite number of
lines going through all of these wicks,
right?
And that gives us a pretty solid range
to trade inside of, but we're in a dip
buying zone. We've got solid momentum.
Pullbacks are buy zones, and the best
pullbacks are old resistance that turn
into new support. And that's about
25,000.
What is that? 800. Yeah, something like
that. Okay. So, be careful. Watch where
inventory is accumulating.
Notice we've got some pretty important
levels of accumulation between 25,775
and 25,825.
Those are going to give you some really
nice areas. Let's see the heat map.
Yeah, it should move from one area of
the heat map, from the bottom of one
area to the top. You can see it lifting,
but it's really hands off if it's under
the VWAP. Unless you're staring it down
and you're saying, "Okay, this is my
trade, right? You want everything lining
up the right way for you."
Okay, let's take a look at Bitcoin.
Bitcoin had a nice bounce,
right? I I would say this has quite a
bit to do with one uh
just popping up through all these
resistance zones. It's coming up into
90,000.
It looks like a double top here in the
overnight. If we breach it, we've got
gamma level four at 91 and then gamma
level three at 92,000.
I think that's a those are pretty good
upside targets.
There's a lot of volatility in here. You
know, my thought is that this is because
this movement here has a lot to do with
what is not happening in the carry
trade, right? That there's a lot of
stuff happening that shouldn't be
happening in this carry trade and it is.
And it's keeping liquidity in the
market. Liquidity is going to drive
Bitcoin to the north if it's available.
And so that's what's worth we're staring
down, right? Call wall 90,000. Zero DTE
call wall 89,000.
ZeroDTE put wall 87,000
and the big put wall moved up from
75,000 to 85,000. So, as you know, the
way the people that are trading this
particular option, I'm not trying to
show throw shade on anybody. I really am
not. I'm just saying
there's a limited level of
sophistication sitting in the players of
these options
and it is really showing by how they
jump around. So, I would take these
walls with a grain of salt and look a
little bit more at big picture
formations. This big picture formation
shows us a potential double top. How do
you measure whether that double top's
going to transform? You go from top to
bottom. You measure the 50% line. That's
88,400
or so.
If it bounces off of that area, it's
very likely to move back to the top. If
it fails that area, and it could be that
it fails and then bounces and fails
again,
it's going to come
to the value area low that's around
87,000.
I do not know what's going to happen
here. I would suspect that if we recover
up over the VWAP and in this range, we
will continue to the north. Under the
VWAP, buying the dip is is always
suspect, right? It just is what it is.
All right, let's let's take a look at
silver.
I have to tell you that this silver
contract has
astounded me.
It's astounded me and it is one of the
biggest squeezes
I have literally
it's probably the biggest squeeze I've
seen in in 20 years 20 years of staring
down charts. It is absolutely
monstrosity of a squeeze. So let's take
a look. Look at what's happening now. It
gapped up. It was 7150
on Christmas night and now it is up at
7480.
Look at the accumulation of inventory.
This is pretty important, right? Is it
above the VWAP? Yes. Is it accumulating
inventory above the VWAP? Yes. Is
momentum high? Yes. Is trending motion
in play? Yes.
All of these things are telling us dips
are going to be buy. So where could they
come into the dip? I would look at the
low volume node here. It sort of
corresponds with the call walls. The
zerodt call in particular is 73. But
this gap at $72.50,
that's the one I think is really pretty
important for us to stare down. If it
can come into that zone, it'll be a
great buy. Here's the thing. It really
hasn't given us too much of a good buy
in any of the spaces. But if you notice
what happened yesterday, the rotation
off of this low to high,
literally
the 50% area was $70.70.
it broke it, came into the high volume
node for this zone and then recovered.
And so when we hit that recovery space,
that's where we can buy nibble a little
bit. When it gets on top of the VWAP,
we're in much better shape. And when the
VWAP is presenting itself as a support,
we can continue to buy. Okay, that being
said,
let's assume
that
this new wave that I just drew, come on,
Fred, is going to give us our next
retrace. The wave is bigger.
50% level comes right down into that
7250 zone. So, I would not be surprised
if it came down into that region and
then bounced. It'd give you a good shot.
This is an unbelievable
rally and there are a lot of people that
are off sides here
that are short and having to buy to
cover. The call wall has moved to 80.
Now, some people are calling silver up
at 120. But, you know, that always
happens when something goes crazy. Then
everybody jumps on the bandwagon. All
right, let's take a look at oil.
So, oil has been desperately trying to
get out of the big pocket it's been in
for many months. It's done a really good
job breaking out over the last several
days. Notice this steepness has moved
out a lot more. This truly is a
geopolitical bounce
uh concern that's causing this bounce in
my estimation. We know that a lot of
commodity traders are short oil because
of a perceived supply glut. Now,
I've never seen oil traders argue with
each other as much as they are arguing
with each other right now across
different platforms. Some are saying,
"Hey, you're bonkers if you think it's a
real glut." Other folks are saying,
"You're bonkers if you think this this
is not a glut."
So, they are still positioned short.
Now, here's why I'm telling you this. At
some juncture,
if these short traders that are banging
the drum on, hey, oil is a short, oil is
a short, oil is a short, there's just so
much pain they can stand
into the 60 area. If it gets above 60,
there's going to be a problem and they
are going to wind the price up and all
of a sudden like we're going to start
stepping out of the range and we're
going to hit 62 and then 65
and then you know whatever else is next.
Right at this juncture, however, what
we're trying to do is get to the top of
the value high area, and that's $59.50.
Dips are buys in the current structure.
Look at all the accumulation here.
What is the slope of this VWAP?
It's flat. What is the slope of our
dynamic cloud? This green thing here.
slightly up, right?
Momentum caught in the mid zone. All of
this looks very
sideways. So, what would you want to do?
Buy the bottom, sell the top. If it's in
the middle here, don't mess around. Just
leave it alone. Why? Because in the
middle, let's say you went long, your
stop would have to be
[snorts] 40 cents wide
essentially, maybe 38 cents, but you
could get wicked out like that. If you
went long, excuse me, if you went short,
your stop would have to be
that same 3840 cents wide.
But if you wait until it gets to the
top,
you literally have 10 cents, 12 cents of
risk. Or if you wait until it gets to
the bottom, you get
12 cents of risk. Now, you might go,
"Yeah, but what if it doesn't come
back?" Then wait for the next setup.
Don't say, "Hey, I'm just taking the
risk simply because I want to get in and
I don't want this to run without me."
That's not a valid strategy. A valid
strategy is anchored around risk. And
so, you must take that into
consideration. If you are saying, "Hey,
Emry, you're being too conservative."
What about me trading at 5831
or you know long at 5831 or short at
5858.
Hey, whatever you want to do, right? I'm
just suggesting
what I would do given the circumstances,
given the momentum, given the relative
trend, and what the prices have been
telling us the traders are doing. We
have deep support at the put wall for
the zero DTE. That's 5750.
The zerodt call wall is $59.
The put wall is 55. It has not moved. It
has not moved. And boy, what what a
great long.
What what a great long from these dips
here. I mean, absolutely fantastic
long off of the dips for those folks
who've been trading this overnight.
The big price action that's a measured
move event
puts us another 60 cents upward. So, you
know, 5940
would be that upward pressure event.
Looks it looks good, but I would I would
wait for the dip. I would look for the
wishing order because volume is going to
be very light, right? Volume's going to
be very light tomorrow. we should see
something a continuation of the Santa
rally um during the trading day on
Friday and then potentially on Monday
and then you know who knows what happens
into the end of the year but that's what
we're going to do with oil. Let's take a
look at gold.
Gold continuing to track higher. Where
is ooh wow the big call wall at 4550
no 4515
has not moved and the zero DTE are
sitting there as well I expect this call
wall to get shifted up the 1day max is
price action has gapped up and if we
take a Look at the first 30 minute
candlestick formation.
We can see the traders are breaking out
of that zone. It's a pretty nice range.
So, let's clone it and see what the top
values
look like. Well, looks like we almost
came into it on the first measure. And
so, pullbacks into that VWAP.
It's a flat VWAP though, right? But
pullbacks into the VWAP around the 4538
could be a pretty nice buy zone. Where
would I go? You know, I I want to see if
it can get to this
aggravated accumulation zone here where
they gapped down or they wicked down and
then held up. I would not mind seeing
for the buy zone into that area for an
upside pressure event. On the flip side,
we can see that we still have ton of
momentum.
Uh Martin Armstrong has called 4550
to potentially 46 I can't remember what
that number is. It might be that 4640
area. And so there's still a lot of
upside pressure, but notice how these
candlesticks are retracing each other,
right? They're retracing each other. And
um
yeah,
that's certainly something to watch.
Very very uh messy price patterns. It
could come all the way to 4480
before it bounces again or it just could
continue to run up. What we do see is
very thin volume. Okay, lastly,
excuse me, that was me sneezing. Lastly,
we're looking at the spy 690.
Um, for those of us in that butterfly
uh into January, that this one still
looks pretty good, but I I would take it
off if it starts really running to the
top of the range. A lot of things are
really running very hot. They should be
pulling back a little bit more in my
mind, but this looks like
some kind of first pass topping
formation. But the pullbacks also easily
buy zones. Strong upward trend, strong
upward momentum.
Notice the dip formations do come in,
they fill the gap. They come into the
zones except for the last two trading
days, right? The day
before Christmas Eve and then Christmas
Eve. And now we are looking at a fair
resistance zone break up above $690
and ooh $691
should push us up into $694
if price action continues to move up.
Clearly upward trending,
right? I mean clear upward trending.
Where do I like the best pullbacks? Old
resistance. And that gives us $68,8840.
The zero DTE put wall is at $686.
0 DTE call wall is at 690.
Right? Our one day max is 697.
Um,
V IV is very very low in the spy chains
and the S&P chains. That is a solid
inclination
of upside [snorts]
continuation.
And so that's what we ought to look for,
okay? Dips or buys. Watch the levels up.
And you know, trust the trend. That's
that's all we got to do. We just trust
the trend and buy the tip and we'll stay
as long as that holds. The moment that
shifts behavior, we've got ourselves
another formation ahead. All right,
everyone. The next time I see you, it'll
be on a market kickoff on Sunday night.
Take care. Hope you have a good weekend
and
trade
small. Watch your risk. Take care
everybody. Bye.